staying in touch with your family on deployment is extremely easy now
because of the way that of all the new technological advances that we
have that we didn't have before, you know, in the past, and I have
made a deployment, this was even just in 2002. Really? The way I was
able to stay in touch with my family was ah, weekly telephone call
that we did at a payphone bank that was there on base. So you actually
had to have calling cards, and then you dial up based on the time
zone difference, you'd hope you get ahold of somebody. Ah, and then
you talk with him until you're calling card ran out. Or, you know,
you did 20 minutes or so. And then, of course, writing letters. I was
another way to keep in constant communications. Now, I mean, when
you deploy, you've got your cell phone, you might be overseas. But
there's applications that you can download where you can actually make
video calls or phone calls. You know, using WiFi and the Internet,
you can still send letters home. If you want. You can use email you've
got, you know, Skype and Facebook and video chat. So it's actually
incredibly easy nowadays to stay in touch with your family on a
near daily basis than it was in the past.